


What is the usability score of this dataset and is it “good” or “bad”? Good, 8.8
How is this usability score calculated? 

Completeness · 100%
Subtitle
Tag
Description
Cover Image
Credibility · 33%
Source/Provenance
Public Notebook
Update Frequency
Compatibility · 100%
License
File Format
File Description
Column Description

What are the two credibility issues with this dataset and why are they important?
Missing coverage refers to gaps or incomplete representations within a dataset, leading to biased or skewed results as the 
analysis may not capture the full picture.
Missing provenance, on the other hand, means a lack of information about the data's origin, sources, and transformations, 
making it difficult to assess the trustworthiness and accuracy of the data, as well as trace back and address any potential 
issues or errors.

Tags to explain the dataset is also very useful! 'Clean dataset', 

How many columns does this dataset have? 35 

What is the licence for this dataset and how would you summarise the usage rights in your own words?
Database Contents License - 
The license lets you use the contents of the database freely — including for commercial purposes. 
You can copy, share, modify, and even sublicense the contents (anything protected by copyright). 
However, you must follow the rules of the Open Database License (ODbL), which governs the database as a whole.
The license does not cover database rights — only the copyright in the content. 
The licensor also makes no promises about the accuracy of the content and is not responsible for any problems that result from using it.




What is the possible issue in identifying the meaning of the column named 'YearsSinceLastPromotion', 
especially when interpreting the value of '0' in one of the fields?
No context to when last promotion was, 0 has no context 

Compare the contents of the column 'Over18' and 'OverTime', what data quality issue can you identify?
inconsistant entries for same data

What are some possible issues with the data quality of 'MonthlyIncome' and 'Monthly Rate'?
no freuqencies provided , no currency /percentage data types provided

How would you validate the 'EmployeeNumber' column and what needs paying special attention to?
unqiue column, make it also non null




